Updates image-update guide (#1245)
fluxcd/flux2: docs/guides/image-update.md

### AWS Elastic Container Registry

We can create a deployment that frequently refreshes an image pull secret into our desired namespace.

> Create a directory in your control repository and save this `kustomization.yaml`:

Reviewer: What is a "control repository"? This seems to be the first mention (in this document at least).

Author: Should be something along the lines of the repo you bootstrapped flux wiith

```yaml
# kustomization.yaml
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization
resources:

> - git@github.com/fluxcd/flux2//manifests/integrations/registry-credentials-sync/aws

Reviewer 2: Was this tested? by the looks of it should fail.

Reviewer 2: I think it should be `https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2//manifests/integrations/registry-credentials-sync/aws?ref=main`

# Bind IRSA for the ServiceAccount 
#  If using IRSA, make sure the role attached to the service account has
#  readonly access to ECR. The AWS managed policy
#  `arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AmazonEC2ContainerRegistryReadOnly` 
#  can be attached to the role.
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
  name: credentials-sync
  namespace: flux-system
  annotations:
    eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn: <role arn>  # set the ARN for your role

## If not using IRSA, set the AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID and AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY environment variables
## Store these values in a Secret and load them in the container using envFrom.
## For managing this secret via GitOps, consider using SOPS or SealedSecrets and add that manifest in a resource file for this kustomize build.
##   https://toolkit.fluxcd.io/guides/mozilla-sops/
##   https://toolkit.fluxcd.io/guides/sealed-secrets/
# ---
# apiVersion: apps/v1
# kind: Deployment
# metadata:
#   name: credentials-sync
#   namespace: flux-system
# spec:
#   template:
#     spec:
#       containers:
#       - name: sync
#         envFrom:
#           secretRef:
#             name: $(ECR_SECRET_NAME)  # uncomment the var for this in kustomization.yaml

```

> Verify that `kustomize build .` works, then commit the directory to you control repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that `kustomize build .` works, then commit the directory to your control repository.
```

Flux will apply the Deployment and it will use the workload identity for that Pod to regularly fetch ECR tokens into your configured `KUBE_SECRET` name.
Reference the `KUBE_SECRET` value from any `ImageRepository` objects for that ECR registry.

> This example uses the `fluxcd/flux2` github archive as a remote base, but you may copy the [./manifests/integrations/registry-credentials-sync/aws]

Reviewer: Is it an archive? It looks like a Git URL to me.

> folder into your own repository or use a git submodule to vendor it if preferred.

Reviewer: Will people have to set anything up in Flux to use git submodules?

### GCP Container Registry

#### Using access token [short-lived]

##### Pre-requisites

###### Workload Identity
Your GCP cluster will need [Workload Identity]
 enabled.

###### Setting up authentication on GCP

> Create a GCP service account to access the container registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a GCP service account to access the container registry:
```

```bash
$ gcloud iam service-accounts create GSA_NAME
```

Create an IAM policy binding between the GCP service account and the Kubernetes service account.

```bash
$ gcloud iam service-accounts add-iam-policy-binding \
    --role roles/iam.workloadIdentityUser \
    --member "serviceAccount:PROJECT_ID.svc.id.goog[flux-system/credentials-sync]" \
    GSA_NAME@PROJECT_ID.iam.gserviceaccount.com
```

##### Creating Deployment to refresh image-pull secret

> Once we have workload identity enabled, GCP service account created, and IAM policy binding setup, we can create a deployment that frequently refreshes an image pull secret into  our desired namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have workload identity enabled, GCP service account created, and IAM policy binding setup, we can create a deployment that frequently refreshes an image pull secret into your desired namespace.
```

    > A user-managed key-pair that you can use as a credential for a service account.
    > Because the credential is long-lived, it is the least secure option of all the available authentication methods.
    > When possible, use an access token or another available authentication method to reduce the risk of
    > unauthorized access to your artifacts. If you must use a service account key,
    > ensure that you follow best practices for managing credentials.

A JSON key doesn't expire, which makes the need for a deployment to refresh tokens redundant. All that is needed is to create the secret and reference it in the ImagePolicy.

Follow steps 1-3 of the official GCP documentation regarding [JSON key file Authentication method]. This will guide you through creating a service account, and obtaining a JSON key file that can access GCR.

Generate a Kubernetes secret manifest with kubectl:

```sh
$ kubectl create secret docker-registry <secret-name> \
    --docker-server=<GCR-REGISTRY> \ # e.g gcr.io
    --docker-username=_json_key \
    --docker-password="$(cat <downloaded-json-file>)" \
    --dry-run=client \
    -o yaml > registry-credentials.yaml
```

> Encrypt it using [Mozilla SOPS] or [Sealed Secrets]. Once encrypted commit and push the encrypted file to git.

Reviewer: Will people have to set anything up in Flux for the encrypted secret to be usable?

### Azure Container Registry

AKS clusters are not able to pull and run images from ACR by default.

> Read [Integrating AKS /w ACR] as a potential pre-requisite

Reviewer: Not your text, but I think this can afford to be the full "with".
```suggestion
Read [Integrating AKS with ACR] as a potential pre-requisite
```
